welcome to the League of Legends
champion spotlight featuring Yorick the
gravedigger Yorick is a melee damage
dealer who summons minions to do his
bidding omen of war causes York's next
attack to deal bonus damage and summons
a spectral ghoul which moves quickly in
deals bonus damage while the spectral
ghoul is out Yorick news faster omen of
pestilence damages and slows enemies in
an area and summons a decaying ghoul
which will continue to slow enemies
around it omen of famine damages target
enemy he'll York for a percentage of
that damage and summons a ravenous ghoul
which heals York for the damage of deals
omen of death creates a clone of target
allied champion for a few seconds if the
allied dies wanna clone it alive the
clone sacrifices itself the temporarily
reanimate the ally your ex passive is
unholy covenant York deals bonus damage
on his attacks for each ghoul active
additionally all of York schools scale
off of his own health and damage i
coordinate a gank up top with my
teammate blitzcrank I create a clone
with omen of death I slowed the enemy
York with omen of pestilence and once it
gets into range ideal a ton of damage
with omen of war and moment of famine
unfortunately blitzcrank stays in range
of the turret too long and gives away a
kill I get jumped by LeBlanc low low on
health unfortunately I die but thanks to
omen of death I have full control of my
abilities when i respawned boy get
revenge before timing out we catch two
of our opponents in the upper jungle I
catch LeBlanc with omen of pestilence
and she dies two needles javelin toss
later on we turret dive onto vein my
burst damage from Owen of pestilence an
omen of famine get us the kill
underneath the turret
in a 2 verse 4 at bottom lane we catch
Fiddlesticks my damage output from three
omens and trinity force crushes his
health we retreat as the fight wears on
waiting for our teammates once they're
occupied i summon more goals which
crushes the health of everyone else in
our fight i flash over the wall to catch
Garen picking up my second kill I then
turned back on New York and kill him
with open of pestilence we get into a
teamfight in mid immediately after all
my omens out having my gruel to do a ton
of damage from even though I get pushed
out of the fight a couple of times my
range ailments pestilence and famine
allow me to keep putting out damage even
though I'm pushed away specifically omen
of famine gives me enough health to walk
back into the fight in the end
ultimately we pick up a ton of kills and
win the fight we catch another team
fight admit and again I spam my girls
out dealing tons of damage to Sharon and
the rest of the team getting a kill
immediately on your aunt de Guerin gets
swarmed by my rules and as fiddlesticks
shows up late I instantly goes him down
to clean up the fight we try to chase
down onto the enemies of long as we
chase her down I finally land home in a
pestle it's allowing my team to catch up
and pick up the kill
inside the base we find a long drawn-out
battle underneath their turrets
ultimately my ghoul spam allows us to
fill Garen I pick up the turret with my
skin of ghouls which make York a great
pushing champion for runes i take armor
penetration marks flat armor seals flat
magic resist glyphs and armor
penetration quintessences these rooms
help me fight exceptionally well at
early levels my masteries are 11 0 19
rushing for armor penetration and
otherwise taking basic utility masteries
with ignite and flash imax omen of
pestilence right away taking to an omen
of famine to keep me healthy and
otherwise maxing open of war for items I
open with a regrowth pendant and health
potion I grab Philosopher's Stone and
mercury treads early grabbing a fast
trinity force and fleshing out my
durability and damage with force of
nature yomi's ghostblade randuin's omen
and last whisper thanks for tuning in to
the Yoric champion spotlight please
subscribe to the Riot Games YouTube
channel up top and leave us some
comments down below
whoa whoa wait York where are you going
there is only one destination okay where
is that York hello